doc: add section about status bar segments (#195)
71/dance: README.md

> j# Dance

Reviewer: Typo?

- `i + 1` replaces `1,1,1,1,1` into `1,2,3,4,5`, assuming that each selection is
  on a different digit.

### Status bar

Dance provides several status bar segments (left-aligned) exposing info similar

> to Kakoune's default mode-line:

Reviewer: I would also add that most of them are hidden by default, and only shown contextually. You can either write this, or explain it individually for each segment.

- current mode: click to switch to another mode
- macro recording status: click to stop recording
- current count prefix: click to reset to 0
- current register: click to unset

> - dance error: click to copy the last one

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
- dance error: click to copy the full description of the last error
```

(Or something else that implies that the full error is copied, not just what's shown on the status bar, which is truncated)
